[
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
        "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 1,
      "showAs": " 1. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach when the climate action plan progress reports for the remainder of 2024 will be published by his Department. [16740/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_1"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
        "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 2,
      "showAs": " 2. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach when the climate action plan progress reports for the remainder of 2024 will be published. [29328/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_2"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23",
        "showAs": "Ruth Coppinger",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 3,
      "showAs": " 3. Deputy Ruth Coppinger asked the Taoiseach when the climate action plan progress reports for the remainder of 2024 will be published by his Department. [29591/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_3"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Malcolm-Byrne.D.2019-11-29",
        "showAs": "Malcolm Byrne",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Malcolm-Byrne.D.2019-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 4,
      "showAs": " 4. Deputy Malcolm Byrne asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on climate action, environment and energy will next meet.  [29735/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_4"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Naoise-Ó-Cearúil.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Naoise Ó Cearúil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Naoise-Ó-Cearúil.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 5,
      "showAs": " 5. Deputy Naoise Ó Cearúil asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on climate action, environment and energy will next meet. [29736/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_5"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Shane-Moynihan.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Shane Moynihan",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Shane-Moynihan.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 6,
      "showAs": " 6. Deputy Shane Moynihan asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on climate action, environment and energy will next meet. [29737/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_6"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
        "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 7,
      "showAs": " 7. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on climate action, environment and energy will next meet. [32103/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_7"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_14",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Barry-Heneghan.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Barry Heneghan",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Barry-Heneghan.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 8,
      "showAs": " 8. Deputy Barry Heneghan asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on climate action, environment and energy will next meet. [32403/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_8"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
        "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 9,
      "showAs": " 9. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on his Department’s interdepartmental group report on the Dublin city task force recommendations. [22232/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_9"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Séamus-McGrath.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Séamus McGrath",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Séamus-McGrath.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 10,
      "showAs": " 10. Deputy Séamus McGrath asked the Taoiseach for an update on the Cork city task force. [25116/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_10"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
        "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 11,
      "showAs": " 11. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on his Department's interdepartmental group report on the Dublin city task force recommendations [26976/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_11"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29",
        "showAs": "Pádraig O'Sullivan",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 12,
      "showAs": " 12. Deputy Pádraig O'Sullivan asked the Taoiseach for an update on the Cork city task force. [29738/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_12"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
        "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 13,
      "showAs": " 13. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on his Department's interdepartmental group report on the Dublin city task force recommendations. [32307/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_13"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Mark-Ward.D.2019-11-29",
        "showAs": "Mark Ward",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mark-Ward.D.2019-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 14,
      "showAs": " 14. Deputy Mark Ward asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on his Department’s interdepartmental group report on the Dublin city task force recommendations. [32435/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_14"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Tom-Brabazon.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Tom Brabazon",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Tom-Brabazon.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 15,
      "showAs": " 15. Deputy Tom Brabazon asked the Taoiseach if he will provide details on the implementation of the Dublin city task force recommendations through his Department. [32469/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_15"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Departmental Reports",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_15",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Paul-McAuliffe.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Paul McAuliffe",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-McAuliffe.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 16,
      "showAs": " 16. Deputy Paul McAuliffe asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the implementation of the Dublin city task force recommendations through his Department, and on his plans to apply the task force model to other areas in need of revitalisation.  [32473/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_16"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Naoise-Ó-Cearúil.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Naoise Ó Cearúil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Naoise-Ó-Cearúil.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 17,
      "showAs": " 17. Deputy Naoise Ó Cearúil asked the Taoiseach the role the new ministerial council on national security has in developing measures to tackle cyberthreats; how these will be delivered; and if he will make a statement on the matter. [18017/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_17"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
        "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 18,
      "showAs": " 18. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [26917/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_18"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23",
        "showAs": "Ruth Coppinger",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 19,
      "showAs": " 19. Deputy Ruth Coppinger asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [29592/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_19"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ryan-O'Meara.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Ryan O'Meara",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ryan-O'Meara.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 20,
      "showAs": " 20. Deputy Ryan O'Meara asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [29817/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_20"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Tom-Brabazon.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Tom Brabazon",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Tom-Brabazon.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 21,
      "showAs": " 21. Deputy Tom Brabazon asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [29818/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_21"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Donnchadh-Ó-Laoghaire.D.2016-10-03",
        "showAs": "Donnchadh Ó Laoghaire",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Donnchadh-Ó-Laoghaire.D.2016-10-03"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 22,
      "showAs": " 22. Deputy Donnchadh Ó Laoghaire asked the Taoiseach for an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [31327/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_22"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
        "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 23,
      "showAs": " 23. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [32104/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_23"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_16",
        "showAs": "National Security",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_16",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_16.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
        "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 24,
      "showAs": " 24. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach if he will provide an update on the progress of the national security strategy. [32308/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_24"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_20",
        "showAs": "Early Childhood Care and Education",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_20",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_20.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Claire-Kerrane.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Claire Kerrane",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Claire-Kerrane.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Children",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 71,
      "showAs": " 71. Deputy Claire Kerrane asked the Minister for Children, Disability and Equality the steps she is taking to retain early years educators in the sector, and therefore retain capacity; and if she will make a statement on the matter. [32746/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_71"
    }
  },
  {
    "contextDate": "2025-06-17",
    "question": {
      "debateSection": {
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_21",
        "showAs": "Disability Services",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/dbsect_21",
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-17/debate/mul@/dbsect_21.xml"
          }
        }
      },
      "by": {
        "memberCode": "Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Ruairí Ó Murchú",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "house": {
        "chamberType": "house",
        "committeeCode": "",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "houseCode": "dail"
      },
      "date": "2025-06-17",
      "to": {
        "roleCode": null,
        "showAs": "Children",
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 72,
      "showAs": " 72. Deputy Ruairí Ó Murchú asked the Minister for Children, Disability and Equality to provide an update on the current unfilled positions in CDNTs across the State; to outline her plans to deliver on assessments and therapies for children with autism; and if she will make a statement on the matter. [32285/25] ",
      "questionType": "oral",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-17/pq_72"
    }
  }
]
