[
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 1,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
        "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
        "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 1. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the work of the Labour Employer Economic Forum; and when it will next meet. [18694/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_1",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 2,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-McAuliffe.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Paul McAuliffe",
        "memberCode": "Paul-McAuliffe.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 2. Deputy Paul McAuliffe asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the plenary meeting of the Labour Employer Economic Forum which he chaired on 4 April 2025. [19067/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_2",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 3,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
        "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
        "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 3. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the work of the Labour Employer Economic Forum; and when it will next meet. [32309/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_3",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 4,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23",
        "showAs": "Ruth Coppinger",
        "memberCode": "Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 4. Deputy Ruth Coppinger asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the work of the Labour Employer Economic Forum; and when it will next meet. [32397/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_4",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 5,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Conor-D-McGuinness.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Conor D McGuinness",
        "memberCode": "Conor-D-McGuinness.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 5. Deputy Conor D. McGuinness asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the work of the Labour Employer Economic Forum; and when it will next meet. [33549/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_5",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 6,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Shane-Moynihan.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Shane Moynihan",
        "memberCode": "Shane-Moynihan.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 6. Deputy Shane Moynihan asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the plenary meeting of the Labour Employer Economic Forum which he chaired on 4 April 2025. [33558/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_6",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 7,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Tony-McCormack.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Tony McCormack",
        "memberCode": "Tony-McCormack.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 7. Deputy Tony McCormack asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the plenary meeting of the Labour Employer Economic Forum which he chaired on 4 April 2025. [33561/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_7",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 8,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Albert-Dolan.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Albert Dolan",
        "memberCode": "Albert-Dolan.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 8. Deputy Albert Dolan asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the plenary meeting of the Labour Employer Economic Forum which he recently chaired. [33562/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_8",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 9,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Ruairí Ó Murchú",
        "memberCode": "Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_14.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_14",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_14",
        "showAs": "Industrial Relations"
      },
      "showAs": " 9. Deputy Ruairí Ó Murchú asked the Taoiseach if he will report on the work of the Labour Employer Economic Forum; and when it will next meet. [33611/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_9",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 10,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23",
        "showAs": "Ivana Bacik",
        "memberCode": "Ivana-Bacik.S.2007-07-23"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 10. Deputy Ivana Bacik asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [18695/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_10",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 11,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Martin-Daly.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Martin Daly",
        "memberCode": "Martin-Daly.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 11. Deputy Martin Daly asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [22200/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_11",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 12,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09",
        "showAs": "Mary Lou McDonald",
        "memberCode": "Mary-Lou-McDonald.D.2011-03-09"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 12. Deputy Mary Lou McDonald asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [26977/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_12",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 13,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23",
        "showAs": "Ruth Coppinger",
        "memberCode": "Ruth-Coppinger.D.2014-05-23"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 13. Deputy Ruth Coppinger asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [32398/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_13",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 14,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Mark-Ward.D.2019-11-29",
        "showAs": "Mark Ward",
        "memberCode": "Mark-Ward.D.2019-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 14. Deputy Mark Ward asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [32436/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_14",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 15,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Conor-D-McGuinness.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Conor D McGuinness",
        "memberCode": "Conor-D-McGuinness.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 15. Deputy Conor D. McGuinness asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [33550/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_15",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 16,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29",
        "showAs": "Pádraig O'Sullivan",
        "memberCode": "Pádraig-O'Sullivan.D.2019-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 16. Deputy Pádraig O'Sullivan asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [33563/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_16",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 17,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Michael-Cahill.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Michael Cahill",
        "memberCode": "Michael-Cahill.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 17. Deputy Michael Cahill asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [33567/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_17",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 18,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Ruairí Ó Murchú",
        "memberCode": "Ruairí-Ó-Murchú.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 18. Deputy Ruairí Ó Murchú asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [33612/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_18",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 19,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10",
        "showAs": "Paul Murphy",
        "memberCode": "Paul-Murphy.D.2014-10-10"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 19. Deputy Paul Murphy asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [33925/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_19",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Taoiseach",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 20,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/John-Connolly.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "John Connolly",
        "memberCode": "John-Connolly.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_15.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_15",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_15",
        "showAs": "Cabinet Committees"
      },
      "showAs": " 20. Deputy John Connolly asked the Taoiseach when the Cabinet committee on health will next meet. [34058/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_20",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Transport",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 87,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Pa-Daly.D.2020-02-08",
        "showAs": "Pa Daly",
        "memberCode": "Pa-Daly.D.2020-02-08"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_19.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_19",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_19",
        "showAs": "Climate Action Plan"
      },
      "showAs": " 87. Deputy Pa Daly asked the Minister for Transport if he is aware of the recently published annual review of the transport sector by the Climate Change Advisory Council, CCAC; and if he will make a statement on the matter.  [34494/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_87",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  },
  {
    "question": {
      "to": {
        "roleType": null,
        "uri": null,
        "showAs": "Transport",
        "roleCode": null
      },
      "questionNumber": 88,
      "house": {
        "houseCode": "dail",
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/house/dail/34",
        "showAs": "34th Dáil",
        "chamberType": "house",
        "houseNo": "34",
        "committeeCode": ""
      },
      "by": {
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/member/id/Ciarán-Ahern.D.2024-11-29",
        "showAs": "Ciarán Ahern",
        "memberCode": "Ciarán-Ahern.D.2024-11-29"
      },
      "debateSection": {
        "formats": {
          "pdf": null,
          "xml": {
            "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/mul@/dbsect_20.xml"
          }
        },
        "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/akn/ie/debateRecord/dail/2025-06-24/debate/dbsect_20",
        "debateSectionId": "dbsect_20",
        "showAs": "Public Transport"
      },
      "showAs": " 88. Deputy Ciarán Ahern asked the Minister for Transport the steps he has taken to ensure the safety of drivers and passengers of Dublin Bus in the aftermath of an incident at Mountjoy Square; his plans for a dedicated transport police; and if he will make a statement on the matter. [34557/25] ",
      "uri": "https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/question/2025-06-24/pq_88",
      "date": "2025-06-24",
      "questionType": "oral"
    },
    "contextDate": "2025-06-24"
  }
]
